# BSButton
We are drowning in misinformation about COVID-19. Some of the misinformation even comes from our societal leaders. It is compounded by the average time people spend on Social Media, where misinformation is the heaviest. Filtering out the misinformation will help real information get to where it is needed most. Crowdsourcing is part of the solution, but there isn't a good way to report misinformation about COVID-19 right now. Most social media platforms won't do anything about misinformation, and the ones that do only put a stamp of disapproval on it. Furthermore, all of the social platforms have a different process for reporting misinformation. We need a more universal way to report misinformation that will go to an unbiased, scientific group of reviewers who can address misinformation head on such as the CDC or the WHO (the WHO provides guidance to report misinformation to the social media platform https://www.who.int/campaigns/connecting-the-world-to-combat-coronavirus/how-to-report-misinformation-online ) At this time, it is less important who are the reviewers; that can be figured out later. The other part of the solution is machine learning. We can use machine learning to analyze all of the reports made by people and form recommendations for how to address things. Eventually, we might even be able to proactively stop misinformation from circulating. What this team will strive to create is a BS button that people can push to report misinformation about COVID-19 and combine that with machine learning to identify and predict misinformation.
